# How to contribute

Official repository is here : https://github.com/psenough/livecode.demozoo.org


## As an event participant 
If you have backup of your productions that are not listed (source file, shadertoy link, tic80.com cart, etc... ) you can either contact an admin of this repo with the data/file or create a Pull Request submitting the changes.

Just providing a missing source code should be sufficient to help us generate the preview image and your creation will be better archived on the repo.

## As an event organizer
We are aware that organizing an event takes time and you won't always keep full records of the live coding event, no worries, with a little bit of preparation, we can integrate your data in the repo.

To help the task be as smooth as possible here is what you should ideally have:

The minimum information needed is 
* The name, type and date of the event
* The entries performance with the person's handle

We would love to also have for archive completeness:
* The source code of the productions (if it's ok by the participant to spread it)
* The custom configuration of the software used (what exact version, custom textures, etc... )
* The results in case of a showdown / battle (bracket placings, points, etc... )

## Doing a PR
If you are brave enough, you can sumbit a PR to the `main` branch. The pages of the website are auto generated by workflow scripts, we only need to update data is json compliant format.

* `/data` : Mandatory. The event information in json. You can look at other events for examples on how to use the proposed schema. It's defined [here](http://livecode.demozoo.org/doc/schema.html)

* `/media`: Optional. All preview image materials.
Note : If you included a shadertoy tic80 cart id, the image preview will be generated automatically by the workflow scripts.

* `/shader_file_sources` : Optional. Source code of your entries, organized by event.

We promise that one day we'll have a proper submission form to simplify the process :)

### Capturing a preview image

When there is no shadertoy link, this is what we use to capture the screenshots manually from a Bonzomatic GLSL source code file. You can use it aswell to help us capture missing screenshots. 

Capturing image from Bonzomatic:
```bash
ffmpeg -f gdigrab -i 'title=BONZOMATIC - GLFW' -vframes 1 -q:v 2 -y outfile.jpg 
```

Make sure image is 1280x720 (or any ratio of it).

Try to focus on jpg image (smaller) with some optimisation. We advise using `jpegoptim -m75 --strip-all file.jpg`
